[docs] Add info about rolebinding and CAR using (#20637)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/140-user-authz/docs/README.md

  For example, the `d8:use:role:manager` role in `RoleBinding` enables deleting/creating/editing the [PodLoggingConfig](../log-shipper/cr.html#podloggingconfig) resource in the namespace. At the same time, it does not grant access to the cluster-wide [ClusterLoggingConfig](../log-shipper/cr.html#clusterloggingconfig) and [ClusterLogDestination](../log-shipper/cr.html#clusterlogdestination) resources of the `log-shipper` module, nor does it allow configuration of the `log-shipper` module itself.

The roles created by the module are divided into two classes:

- [Use roles](#use-roles) — for assigning rights to users (such as application developers) **in a specific namespace**.
- [Manage roles](#manage-roles) — for assigning rights to administrators.

> {% alert level="warning" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: #rolebinding-car .anchored}

{% alert level="warning" %}
```

> Please note the specifics of configuring combined access and the use of RoleBinding and ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) for the same user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay attention to the specifics of configuring combined access and the use of RoleBinding and ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) for the same user.
```

> If multitenancy mode is enabled in the cluster (the parameter [`enableMultitenancy = true`](/modules/user-authz/configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy)) and a ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) exists for the user or group specified in the RoleBinding with rules for a namespace other than the target namespace (specified in the RoleBinding), the rules from the ClusterRole specified in the RoleBinding will not apply. This is due to the behavior of the `user-authz` module’s webhook. It checks whether a request belongs to authorized namespaces at the group level. If a user’s group is bound to a CAR with a selector limited to a specific namespace, all requests to namespaces not specified in the CAR will be rejected, regardless of whether the user has a RoleBinding for those namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multitenancy mode is enabled in the cluster (the parameter [`enableMultiTenancy: true`](/modules/user-authz/configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy)) and a ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) exists for the user or group specified in the RoleBinding with rules for a namespace other than the target namespace (specified in the RoleBinding), the rules from the ClusterRole specified in the RoleBinding will not apply.

This is due to the behavior of the `user-authz` module’s webhook. It checks whether a request belongs to authorized namespaces at the group level. If a user’s group is bound to a CAR with a selector limited to a specific namespace, all requests to namespaces not specified in the CAR will be rejected, regardless of whether the user has a RoleBinding for those namespaces.
```

> It is recommended not to use RoleBinding for a user in conjunction with CAR. If combined access is required, use AuthorizationRule instead of ClusterAuthorizationRule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended not to use RoleBinding for a user together with CAR. If combined access is required, use AuthorizationRule instead of ClusterAuthorizationRule.
```
